and welcome back to a fresh episode of
business Grace show I'm your host Sam
Dunning co-owner over at webchoiceuk.com
and if you haven't done so yet check out
our weekly email where we share
actionable website and B2B marketing
tips useful goodies podcasts resources
and more to kick off your week with a
bang you can give it a shot over at
businessgrowth dot emails so joining me
today I've got Michael playing he's the
head of demand over at Roblox
welcome to the show sir how are we doing
I'm good thanks so much for having me
no worries at all so looking forward to
chatting we're going to be drilling down
into a fresh topic today we're going to
be talking exactly how you can create a
market
for a brand new B2B category that's not
mature doesn't have existing demand or
people aware of it or searching for it
excited to dive in so before we get down
into the Weeds on this Mikael what does
creating or building demand actually
mean
well I guess it's one of those those new
fancy terms uh ultimately for me it's a
way to generate Revenue that's that's
really why we're here
yeah yeah yeah so building up building
up cash building up cash in the bank and
it doesn't have a new new motion uh at
the end of the day right and I think we
we talked a bit about it in the you know
the warm-up uh that we did so there's
been a lot of focus on Legion You're
Gonna Hear Chris Walker if you follow
him on on LinkedIn talk a lot about the
pains uh and and challenges with that I
think with creating demand it's really
just
finally a frame to talk differently
about how marketing can go and create
Revenue
um
yeah yeah yeah so building up demand
building up Authority typically kind of
building a when it's when it's used when
we've talked about on the show before
we're typically saying kind of building
up awareness of your solution of the
problem that you fix yeah um building up
kind of brand Affinity those kind of
buzzwords so when the market isn't
they might not need prospects might not
need your service now but when they do
you're kind of the brand that's top of
mind but today we're going to be talking
about actually building that when a
category doesn't exist because usually
when we're on this show we're talking to
B2B marketers but they're in categories
that are known so they're a mature
sectors businesses where people might be
searching for on Google ready people
know there's a problem to fix but why
the heck would you want to try and build
up demand for something people aren't
aware even exists
well you don't have any competitors so
you know there's that and it's also a
big challenge which you know tends to
motivate a lot of people and make it
more fun but really it's I think it's
because obviously the founder here they
saw a problem that was waiting for a
solution and they they kind of have it
right so I think it's natural in that
sense and you know I I think we've when
we've talked about it internally it's
not that we're building a faster car
we're we're building a new means of
transportation right so so I mean if we
get a bit I guess practical what we're
solving is how companies plan Revenue
effectively in a B2B SAS business
and there obviously is a process for
today you know people don't just make up
a number so they do have a process they
follow
but there's a lot of problems baked into
that process and that's where you from a
marketing perspective can start playing
quite a lot
hmm
but to play devil's advocate here as I
like to do
creating a category a brand new category
isn't that like hugely expensive
resource heavy because you've got to
build up so much awareness when you
could just jump into something that
already has market demand and Chuck some
cash and you're probably okay right
sure I mean there is always going to be
a downside whether you go into a highly
competitive market or needing to prove
that there is a market for something
there's going to be challenges and
they're going to be different very few
effectively succeed in creating a
category at least the one they
themselves label so so there's also that
but at the end of the day you know what
we're seeing is just that there is a
problem that can be solved that we
believe we can solve and going after
that and believing that we will be
successful at the end of the day
um so so you know it's it's the
challenge that's motivating and
effectively building up awareness to a
very real problem that does exist at the
end of the day
yeah yeah and I want to go through I
want to lay down a bit of a step-by-step
of what you've done so far because I
know you guys are doing it over at
ROBLOX and some of the the steps that
you take but
for anyone that's tuning in and thinking
this is this is quite intriguing
um when
should I want to look at it from two
angles really I mean when when does it
make sense because like you said a lot
of businesses a lot of organizations
that try to create a category either do
so Chuck a ton of money at it and fail
or they just end up sliding into an
existing sector
um or position when shouldn't you go
about creating a category in your
thoughts
well I don't think you can put a timer
on it even if you start creating it you
don't know when that category will
effectively form and what's the goal
post is it that now there's a gardener
report labeled with your category name I
think that's going to be really hard to
kind of say this is when it's done when
the category is here ultimately it's
just a name for what we do in our space
and I think if you're building something
that's highly differentiated to the
competition you're faced if you are in a
competitive market well then it does
make sense to create a label for it to
make it clear that this is a different
solution so so I think you know sooner
rather than later that's that that would
be my two cents
okay and what are some of the outcomes
that you should aim for when you are
going about a process like this
well obviously that people know the
category and they know you're you're in
it right so it's it this is back to the
good old uh immutable laws of marketing
uh by our East right you need to find a
category you can be first in and if you
are that then you will be perceived as
as the leader right and if that's the
case then you're gonna have an easier
Time closing those potential deals you
get through but this is very much at the
end of having created a category that
things will get a bit easier for you and
you can look at someone like Salesforce
they're still growing what 30 percent
year over year
still perceived as the leader right in
in CRM and and growing ever so fast so I
I think there can be a lot of benefits
in establishing a category it it
basically
means you start owning a peace of mind
uh with someone
I suppose it's one of those things
really it's like you either all in
or not like I don't think you can go
half-heartedly with this can you no
someone is going to at least place you
in a category and what is that gonna do
for you what's that gonna be like if
your sales rep and someone says well
you're an email marketing software and
you're like No actually that's not
entirely what we do right you do need a
frame for how you have that conversation
and present yourself and if you don't
choose your category it's going to be
chosen for you
um that's a great point all right well
we've framed this up pretty nicely I
want to get stuck into because I'm quite
Keen to know what you're doing over
there and how are how our listeners
how everyone tuning in if they're
considering perhaps they run a business
or maybe they've got a side hustle
they're thinking quite like the sound of
starting my own category how do I go
about doing that a lot of hard work yeah
definitely I'm sure what are some of the
first considerations before we get into
the practicalities like I guess things
like the mindset what do you need to
research and prep before you start doing
the actual groundwork yeah a bunch of
things actually so when you are a
startup you know very little things
right so I have uh experience with later
stage companies so series A B C so on
and usually in that case you have a lot
of structures in place that you take for
granted you know who you're going for
who who is your target audience what
does an ideal customer look like What
markets are important to you what are
the pain points and how do you how do
you pursue send those pain points and
make them real how do you offer up a
solution and proof points for that you
know there there are a lot of those
elements you will take for granted and
and haven't quite frankly an easier time
if we're being honest so those those
elements are very critical initially we
stumble a bit around thinking hey are
should we go for the finance team should
we go for the CEO and it became a maybe
we should go for everyone and the
problem with that is then you start
watering down the message because they
have very different challenges and
priorities so you need to pick one
at least initially and then go and I
think that's that that was one of the
most important decisions we made
because it meant that all the
conversations all the content we created
all the marketing material all the
messaging got so much clearer for us uh
in going and creating all that you know
that stuff we're gonna get into
basically so I think you do need some of
those elements in place as you know
as you want to go and build your
category
yeah it's a good point I mean we've
talked about this before kind of picking
out an ideal client profile and nailing
down who you actually want to Target
with your marketing so you're not doing
a shotgun approach you're not spraying
and praying you're not putting thousands
of dollars into campaigns trying to
attract everyone and in the end result
you're attracting nobody
but often when businesses do that in
sectors that already mature that have
existing demand they've got so much data
to choose from right like they can if
they've already sold some stuff they can
look at their most profitable clients
the clients they enjoy working with the
clients that grow the business year on
year
um and look at all those demographics
and profiles or they can steal that
Intel from their competitors and so on
but if you're starting fresh like what
are some of the the ways like how did
you go about how did you think oh this
this target market looks good let's go
for it so I think they had already the
company had already existed for about
six months so they've stumbled you know
around that Journey without me
thankfully
um so they've already talked with a
bunch of potential customers what they
were obsessing over is really
they know they knew the problem and they
knew the solution and then it's figuring
out well who is it most applicable for
at the end of the day and and you know
in fact eventually they were able to
bring some of those customers on board
which was great and then start learning
from them and you know you're gonna try
you're gonna try different things out so
they try pitching the finance team tried
pitching CEOs and so on and then you
start learning hey where where is is
this sweet spot really for us uh it's
it's a bit intangible it's not like to
your point you have lots of data you can
refer back to and then out okay here
here's the result here's exactly what we
should do yeah yeah so kind of figuring
out product Market fit working yes
working out
speaking to a bunch of prospects and
seeing what what stuck the most I guess
yeah that's exactly it
okay and okay once that was in play what
was like the next step
yeah so for for us it was really we have
there's two ways you can usually go
about it so if you've envisioned the
classic marketing funnel where you have
awareness in the top and then you know
customers towards the bottom the funnel
gets smaller and smaller the further
down you go
and I've found what many want to get to
very very fast is the bottom right we
all want that revenue and we want it
really really fast
but then you're skipping over a bunch of
steps in that funnel that you need to be
accounting for right and what I've just
experienced over the last five ten years
is
the most revenue and the best customers
you know where they come from
they come from your brand they come from
already knowing you and you have no idea
it might be that they saw an ad in the
end and then clicked it but there's this
whole journey that lasted you know one
maybe two years before they up and
decided okay we're gonna buy this thing
now it was a you know this this water
dripping until they kind of decide okay
now it's the point in time where we we
are sold we've listened to it for so
long we believe it uh now we're gonna
buy it so we had that the choice of
saying well should we
start building up advertising as a way
to educate the market on this problem
and the fact that we have a solution or
should we go higher up
and I think it's going to be very
contextual to the business you're in
we're a pre-product is being built at
the moment together with our customers
where we wanted to end up is when we go
and launch we have an audience that
knows us that likes us and trusts us
that's going to be very powerful when we
bring the product to Market and want to
instead of having product Market fit
want to have go to market fit so being
able to scale uh effectively our whole
setup so so that was a very conscious
decision that we made and that very much
changes the tactics so we're not really
investing in in paid advertising we're
going way more into Organics or
leadership content creation as a means
to reach our audience and build it up
okay so that was that was really the
step we took
got it so we're talking pre-product
building up an audience that knows likes
and trusts our brand
um to get a bit deeper what I mean feel
free to use your own brand as an example
what does that actually look like like
if I was a B2B company that's just
started out and worked out the clients I
want to tap into but now I want to build
up some kind of audience like what
should I be doing do I post on LinkedIn
do I start a podcast do I start a
newsletter or is it other things so yeah
I think let's let's get a bit practical
here uh in in that sense so what I
discuss with our CEO is
imagine you're going down the grocery
store the aisle looking for juice you're
gonna have 30 choices on the Shelf
we need to convince them to pick one and
obviously we talked about the fact that
we're solving a new problem but just for
for the uh for the inspiration here we
need to stand out and how do we do that
if we do the same as everyone else it
doesn't really help us so don't get me
wrong just because we have a new
solution there are other vendors going
for the same audience as us
right so we're still competing in some
sense with the content around thought
leadership so whatever we do we have to
do it differently
and what I then did is I had a clear
idea that we were gonna place
I think three three bets LinkedIn was
already going so that was a bet we
should continue we're gonna do a uh
podcast
and then we're gonna build an email list
the thing is with the email list as an
example any business is going to have an
email list any business is going to have
a newsletter so how should ours be
different that was really the obsession
and what I did is I looked at
okay we don't have direct competitors
but what about indirect competitors or
secondary competitors what are they
doing
and I signed up for all their
newsletters I listened to all their
podcasts
and what I found is they were doing the
exact same thing they were using the
classic marketing Playbook so they had a
Blog which is great they're doing
webinars and then they send out this
bi-weekly branded email where all they
do they're doing is adding in the blog
post and then you know a shotgun towards
the entire audience and that was the
recipe every single one followed
and then we said well if we're going to
do this differently then it's probably
not going to come out from our brand it
should come out from our Co
and it shouldn't be called the
newsletter so the working folder we have
is literally it's not a newsletter just
to keep us you know remembering the fact
that it's not a newsletter
and then it's not going to be a branded
email template because everyone else is
using a branded so we're just going to
use a plain text as is as if our Co sent
the email himself
and guess who writes the email
I mean we help him to be fair but it is
him it is definitely his words and who
is it sent from
from his email his actual email I'm sure
someone might abuse it at some point and
send him a bunch of email pitches that's
fine we can we can live with that fact
but what we really want out of it is we
want people to reply to the email
so they can have a conversation
and that means we don't have a marketing
it's not me from marketing then sitting
whenever I have time going in and then
replying to the emails it's actually
access to his inbox as well that you're
getting
and instead of measuring
performance in relation to hey do we get
leads out of it because keep in mind
we're building the audience
we measure how many replies do we get do
we actually start some conversations
here did we actually hit a good point
with the email we just send out
and when I've talked with
other people about this email list and
told them it's not a newsletter they go
yeah it's this is not a newsletter I
agree I agree and so I think it's really
about being very focused on you have all
these channels and tactics at your
disposal and anyone will tell you you
should do them but it is your job in
marketing to figure out how do you bring
it to Market differently at the end of
the day I think that's that's you know
so that was one of the the I I guess
that's the approach we're taking to
really look at doing things differently
we I I firmly believe that the marketing
Playbook I grew up with uh you know over
the last 10 years is done it's it's you
know served its purpose now things are
changing and it's time for anyone in
marketing to follow along with that
change
good stuff all right so we're talking
about differentiation and like you've
only got a look at a few B2B Tech if you
B2B SAS website homepages and all the
headlines are very similar yeah in fact
a lot of them use too much jargon that
probably their ideal clients don't even
understand and then apart from that
you've got award-winning best-in-class
world-class this we just won a G2 award
we just got funding yeah I've already
fallen asleep because you're just the
same as every other competitor in your
space but you're talking about doing the
polar opposite of what your
competition's doing which that's it
makes sense if you want to stand out in
and kind of see the sameness
so yeah good point so that's how you did
it with your email list and then you
mentioned you kind of placed bets on
three channels I think you said podcast
email and Linkedin
yeah so uh so maybe we continue how did
we how do we even grow that list because
the classic approach is then you have a
webinar an ebook or something that you
drive a lot of traffic to sometimes even
paid uh what we had going for us was
LinkedIn so Tony
he was very active and we actually
you know amps the volume up for that to
be a daily thing for him
um it's obviously very much also his
achievement to be honest it's it's again
a lot of his insights and Stories being
shared
but he was starting to get more and more
traction effectively from from this
effort uh and also from talking with a
lot of people in the industry and the
challenges they had he could tell that
story uh and and give his his Insight on
LinkedIn right so he was getting more
and more exposure and with this email
list we basically just started dropping
it into the first comment
yeah and and people would open and sign
up because they like the post they
wanted to hear more and because it was
not just a newsletter it's hey I have
this email I send every second week
where I go into more details around some
of these things then all of a sudden the
context was
just really perfect so that's that's
helped us actually grow that list quite
fast
and the I would just say the stats we're
seeing in terms of open rates uh even
how many read the email is beyond
anything I've seen before uh so that's
that's kind of how we've grown the list
um for for this email basically
and growing an email list is hard right
yeah it's
it's really hard I think we've been
doing a real example too I think we've
been doing this shows one probably for
about a year or so haven't pushed any
paid towards it at all just do like one
plug on the show and then like you say
occasionally you plug it on the LinkedIn
comments and I think we're approaching
800 Subs something like that so it's a
very kind of slow and steady growth that
we've seen with yeah limit limited
pushing no like ads so where do you sign
up now you can plug it business
growth.email but yeah we plug at the
start of the show so
all is good
um but yeah that's that's interesting I
mean there's a few points to dig into
there I mean like you say you chose
specifically your CEO to do it it sounds
like he's he's got the expertise there
he's got a story to tell he's he's not
hiding behind like the brand or the
company like it sounds like a lot of the
competitors would do so people were
reading his posts on LinkedIn trusting
he had the expertise and then thinking I
want to get a bit more of this and
diving in to sign up
yeah I will say the subject matter
expertise is absolutely key you you
really need that if you want to go and
create an impact with the audience
um the the risk you face is you're
you're gonna do desk research and what
are you going to land on you're going to
land on a blog post you're going to read
it and they're going to give you okay
these are the three ways to solve the
problem you're going to read the next
one and they have the same three and
it's going to repeat over and over so
you're going to be stuck
with the same takeaways and as everyone
else
and the fact that we have a CEO who
really knows the space knows the the job
our audience is performing
well that means we can have a very
unique point of view as as a business
and share some very sometimes
non-obvious solutions for the audience
and that's incredibly powerful so you
definitely want to have
access to a subject matter expert uh if
you're gonna go and and be successful at
some of this stuff otherwise you need to
do a lot of research Beyond just what
you can read you actually need to go and
talk with people
sure thing
and
I'm sure a lot of people have linked
thinking this is great
the house how scalable I'm saying this
with inverted commas for anyone
listening how scalable is this
to use the CEO
not just to use the CRM thinking or my
mind maybe to use a CEO as as the
company gets bigger and think he gets
busier and has other tasks to manage but
that's that to one side I guess but in
terms of actually growing the audience
yeah
um in terms of LinkedIn yeah still great
organic reach
yeah but we're not going to get a second
CEO to post on LinkedIn right that's
that's that's the point and I think
that's that's okay I think it's more
about enabling him and then tapping into
new channels at the end of the day so we
we haven't really talked about for
example the podcast right but if you
look at the newsletter or the email list
I should say sorry
um we're transferring we're trans
transferring his audience from LinkedIn
to an email list
and then we introduce the podcast and
it's the same effect that's happening
there now we're transferring from
LinkedIn and from the email list to the
podcast
right so you can kind of Shuffle it
around and that gives you a bit more
scale and all of those channels are
going to be very different if someone
reading a text post on LinkedIn is not
going to be as engaged as someone who is
a regular listener of a podcast show
it's just very different the commitment
is way higher uh in in that sense and
what you achieve is also way higher so
you need to also kind of have have that
reflection but for us it's about how do
we shift some of the content and the
audience to the different channels that
we have at our disposal that we're
slowly building up and then making them
work together so with the podcast we
started out
very simple with One mic it was just an
internal podcast
and we weren't really sure what we were
going to talk about other than trying to
share information and news something the
team could use
and then we played with it for probably
three weeks or so and then we said hey
maybe we start testing this out as an
external and we did the first couple of
episodes I don't want to listen to them
because I'm pretty sure they're not
going to be I'm not going to be happy
happy with them you know the first
Pancake always breaks
um so so then we introduced the second
mic we got even better with the show we
got into rhythm of how should we prepare
for the show how should we do the
research the content got better and
better and better
and then we say well why don't we add a
camera now
so while we're recording audio just like
we are now there's then also the video
proponent and we use that
to create content as well for LinkedIn
also for YouTube so again we can move a
lot of these things around different
channels and that's where the scale
starts appearing he is
rco is a limited resource in that sense
and that's where at some point we're
going to introduce a new character to
this mix to give us that scale
got it yeah yeah yes we're talking about
creating content that's interchangeable
yeah so whether that is using LinkedIn
to then
push the email list in the comments
whether that's then utilizing the
podcast as part of the email list or
then the video element of the podcast
and to Snippets and putting that out on
LinkedIn and then maybe link back to the
to the newsletter and back and forth and
so on so it's kind of like creating a
Content machine
and it's and it's absolutely key because
if we go back to
kind of why why you and I are talking
when it is
a new market you're creating you do need
to educate on the problem
and we are giving the solutions away
sure we are building a software solution
for it but we are giving the process and
everything away
but you do need to make make the market
aware that there's a different way to
solve this problem to avoid the pains
they're facing
and that's why why it's so important
also to have those different let's say
mediums you can use because you can in
when you're talking with someone you can
relay a story very differently than in
writing
yeah yeah let's let's go into that a bit
more so
ultimately it's probably harder for a
for a new if you're a company creating a
new category because
I guess problems people can resonate
with
um but knowing there's actually a
solution that fixes those there's a
whole other thing
um yeah so how do we go about the two I
I guess like
making people aware of these problems
and then also making people aware
there's a solution to fix them yeah
so I think there's a bunch of experts
out there that you should listen to
there's uh you know the
a couple of books on category creation I
actually can't remember what they call
there's I think category Pirates have
one book uh on on this subject and
there's a lot of Frameworks you can
follow in order to go and create uh
uh basically our category I'm totally
losing by the way Trail here for a
second
no no worries I was just saying we were
talking about kind of how do you share
the problems with your target market
that you fix yeah and how do you
actually make that Target Market aware
because they're not aware right now that
there is a solution that's going to fix
these points and it's actually
trustworthy yeah yeah so that's also I
think future problems for us right but
but if you look at our approach right
now LinkedIn text post where we will get
a lot of Impressions that's where we
start talking about some of the issues
we might have part of a solution there
but you don't have you won't have the
entire recipe because it just doesn't
fit the format you're gonna need
almost an ebook or something for it then
the next proponent is well the
newsletter we can or the email we can
write a bit more we can effectively go a
bit more into detail also follow up with
the questions that then are and in the
podcast we can go even deeper and very
specific to hey this is how you can
build a model for your Revenue this is
how you go about annual planning for
revenue and so on right
so that's where we get more into details
around some of the solution and they you
know they will start realizing okay
there is a different way of doing it and
then at some point when you introduce
the solution to the mix you are going to
need proof point you are going to be
able to say hey we have these customers
hear what they say
and listen to them don't listen to us
kind of the classic saying right that's
that's a that proof is a big proponent
of it uh you also have uh if you Google
for the greatest sales deck ever I don't
know if you've you know this uh this one
I can't remember his name right now it's
actually a bit annoying but he Andy
Raskin is the guy he basically has a
model for uh how to create your
strategic narrative and that's
effectively how you go and Pitch to the
market and I think there's something
like five steps to it there's a change
happening in the market so when drift uh
the chat company
created a category they said well what's
changing is we have a mobile phone we
have Netflix everything is now we want
an answer now
and then they spend a lot of time
unpacking what problems that change
created also for you as a brand
and then they tease the promised land
basing imagine a world where you know a
customer could get an answer right now
for the challenges they have and then
well the good news is you can and they
had you know all these features as magic
pills that would solve the the problem
right so there's a structure you can use
that format works really great if your
guest appearing on a podcast or if
you're presenting at a keynote and so on
right again it's back to the the medium
you use and I think that's where you
need to be clever on
what channels are at your disposal and
how do you tell the stories story in
different places at the end of the day
hmm yeah yeah some some great Frameworks
there and we can certainly ref reference
to those in the the podcast episode
notes because like you said there's
there's a lot to unpack when it comes to
putting together these Frameworks yeah
good stuff so
with that in mind
so you're
your product your offering is still
being constructed and you're on the
stage where you're building an audience
is that something that any organization
any company that wants to create a new
category needs to do first and foremost
so I don't believe there are any rules
at the end of the day it's more a matter
of what is right for your business and
it's going to be very different uh in in
this case it could even depend on
funding do you have the means to
actually go and do it
um if if you do great then you
definitely can are you able to do it
yourself without having to hire then
great then do that so I think it's it's
highly contextual is it valuable for us
definitely it's definitely valuable for
us in the sense that
people are getting more and more
interested it's you know if we have an
open position people are more interested
in joining the team also because there's
a lot of momentum kind of being built
around the business
and then there's all the the Serendipity
that comes with it so I'm not sure if
you've experienced it but
sometimes Tony will go to a conference
and some people already know him they've
never met because he's been posting on
LinkedIn or they've been listening to
the podcast it also means he gets
invited to a show or to speak at a
conference and those are the things some
companies usually would pay a lot of
money for just to shortcut it and and I
think that's the the other side of the
coin that's highly impactful and I think
if you
if you want to go about it from the top
of the funnel first and really have
those Channel work for you in one two
years
then forget about the category just for
a second just the fact alone that you're
building up that awareness is going to
bring in Revenue do you want to do that
or do you need to focus on the product
first and then solve some immediate
demand then I think that's will be very
much a
you know a thought process you need to
have internally
yeah it's a fair point I mean if you're
a company that needs cash needs
customers quick yeah and it's probably
not going to be one for you
because you literally need people buying
your stuff pretty swiftly yeah and and
again it's such a tricky thing right
it's like the it's the Chicken and the
Egg because is there demand you can go
on and tap into there's this I don't
know if anyone has fact checked it but
but there's a classic saying that only
one to two percent are in Market at any
given point in time to buy us something
that's where that percentage varies with
every guest I get in this product
and that's why I say maybe we should
Factor check yeah yeah but uh so good
but if that is the case you know is
there enough demand for you to even go
and capture or do you want to actually
go and create it then then it's going to
be very different right and I think if
you if you're like us if you're not just
building a faster car but a new means of
transportation then you might want to
think about investing here because you
end up opening basically a shop at a
corner where no one passes by and no
one's ever heard of your shop so how can
you expect customers to come in you know
that's
I think you should make a podcast video
or LinkedIn series just on analogies you
can make out because you make you've
used some awesome analogies I've never
heard that was that when there was a
shockworm there was a pancake one and
there was something else yeah I've
really enjoyed it appreciate it probably
it's the classic cultural thing you know
we we talk about it so we have a lot of
nationalities in the office and you
always have you know one specific
analogy based on where you're coming
from and everyone else goes huh
I love those love marketing analysis
good fun so
yeah what what you said is fair I mean
it depends where your company's at right
if you need customers quick then it
might not be the route for you or you
might need to look at ways that you can
capture some existing demand if there is
some I paid search review sites organic
search LinkedIn ads whatever it may be
wherever your audience is
um now a lot of the recommendations
you've given
email list or not an email list whatever
we call it um podcast
um what was the third point the third
point was I think yeah LinkedIn to
podcasting on LinkedIn your case organic
are we doing any paid distribution or
are we going purely for organic reach
incredibly little we've
played just to try it out with a
LinkedIn ad for a Meetup but that's
about it very limited Spence I wouldn't
even say we've gotten serious about it
um it also takes up time usually to
build out as a business for it to be
successful and scalable so we haven't
done it we've we've done serial paid
um as a business it's purely been
organic channels and don't get me wrong
they're not free right there's equipment
there's man hours there's a bunch of
things that goes into it so it still
carries a cost uh at the end of the day
as a business yeah that's that's the
route we've taken
gotcha do you think you will scale up
and get paid at some stage a little bit
heavier when the product comes out for
sure at some point we will uh that's
that's all part of of the funnel and I
think we're going about it from the top
of the funnel at this stage uh really
building our audience and is very
certain at some point well then it makes
complete sense to add some amplification
to some of the elements we're doing but
but it also for us it's been about
taking one step at a time
so like I said with a podcast let's
let's first try and see can we have a
conversation and record it do we are we
good enough at that
and then once you've validated yes we
can actually we can talk then what
should we talk about right there are
steps to the process even when you add
video it's another proponent of
complexity when we start adding paid
it's another step to the process where
you need to be able to test out fail uh
fail again until you finally succeed so
I think it's that's just you know the
approach we've taken uh with with
basically the channels we're building up
yeah I feel like we could have called
this episode how to create a market for
a new B2B category slash how to create
an audience for a new B2B category
because that's yeah it's taken an
interesting turn and I think that's like
really worth our points but I think it's
also required if you want to go and
create a category at the end of the day
right you do need an audience that
understand and acknowledges the problem
at the end of the day because otherwise
we could just create a problem in about
you know a category in a vacuum where no
one really knows about it and they're
gonna go ah okay never heard of that
category that's cool I.E so so you need
you do need an audience that buys into
it at the end of the day yeah yeah yeah
and I like that you mentioned a bit
earlier about some of the Hidden
benefits of creating an audience because
like you say things like getting invited
to speaker events getting invited onto
podcasts series guest articles whatever
it might be because you're exactly right
like your CEO your team's had it we get
that now we've been around a little
while with the show it's uh a nice added
perk I suppose and it just Builds on
that brand that credibility
it's a shame these initiatives will will
often die especially in an established
business
where the conversation is I think we
should start a podcast it's like okay so
how much revenue are we going to get out
of it
I don't know okay when are we gonna get
any Revenue out of it
maybe a year like and then already there
it's n and I think that's that's
back to what I said to you the the
frustration with a lot of the founders
I've talked with very focused on the the
small bottom you know triangle of the
the funnel let's just go and build paid
there's all these other channels you do
need to think about that are hard hard
to measure but they do also provide a
lot of upside for you
bang on the money sir and with that
Mikhail thank you very much for coming
on very much enjoyed the conversation
some really actionable golden nuggets
there on all things creating a new
category building demand
and well and with that please do tell us
more about how everyone tuning in can
connect with you learn more and any way
you want to send them
well there's a first off thank you for
having me uh if you want to learn more
about what we do here at ROBLOX you can
check us out at roblox.com you can also
find our podcast the revenue formula on
Spotify Apple wherever you're listening
and otherwise hit me up on LinkedIn uh
or if you're curious about we talk a bit
about uh our CEO here you can look up
Tony Holbein as well
nice one sir thanks very much enjoy the
chat thank you no worries we'll put all
of those links over in the show notes at
business growth dot marketing and as
always if you found today's episode
interesting entertaining why not give us
a quick review on your podcast channel
of choice or if you're on YouTube a
quick subscribe goes a long way and with
that we'll catch you on the next one for
more actionable no BS B2B marketing tips
to grow your business and grow your
Revenue I appreciate you tuning in